= FilteredColumnHaskellMacro

This Mephisto plugin is based on a Typo
plugin[http://blog.moertel.com/articles/2006/11/01/adding-haskell-syntax-highlighting-to-the-typo-blogging-system]
by Tom Moertel.

To use it, you need to have +HsColour+ in your path.  You can install it
using:

  sudo cabal install --global HsColour

Of course, this assumes that you already have GHC and Cabal installed on
your system.  This can frankly be a bit tricky on shared web servers.

== Installation

From inside your copy of Mephisto, run:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/emk/filtered_column_haskell_macro.git

== Example

Use <code><macro:haskell></code> to wrap your code.

  <macro:haskell>
  addTwo :: Num a => a -> a -> a
  addTwo x y = x + y
  </macro:haskell>

== Updating Your Theme

You will need to add some syntax-coloring rules to <code>main.css</code>.
Here's a minimal set of rules from Tom Mortel's original blog post.

  code.typocode_haskell .keyglyph {color: #b8860b;}
  code.typocode_haskell .keyword {color: #a020f0;}
  code.typocode_haskell .comment,
  code.typocode_haskell .comment a {color: #b22222;}
  code.typocode_haskell .str,
  code.typocode_haskell .chr {color: #bc8f8f;}
  code.typocode_haskell .conid {color: #228b22;}

Note that this plugin is experimental, and you may need to update your CSS
to work with future versions of the plugin.

== License

Copyright:: 2006 Tom Moertel, released under the GPL version 3.
Copyright:: 2008 Eric Kidd, released under the GPL version 3.

Note that if you exclude Tom Moertel's code in lib/haskell_macro.rb, the
rest of the code in this plugin is also available under the MIT license.

